You might wonder why we have put so much emphasis on
systems engineering and haven't talked about hardware and software development.
ISO 26262 sees functional safety as a systems engineer problem.
Hardware and software are just two parts of a vehicle system.
The function safety standard puts
hardware and software development at the bottom of the V diagram for a reason.
This helps ensure that you have developed
your safety requirements while taking into account the vehicle as a whole,
otherwise we could miss potential hazards.
In this lesson, we are going to give
a broad overview of hardware and software development.